linked to my codepen: https://codepen.io/joelvega97/pen/VweXBzq?editors=1000

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    HTML used to mark up a web page. 
    2. What is HTML used for?
    Html is used to mark up a page. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is a way to supply data in an element, we out it where we don't want things to show up on the page 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 tag is for the main heading and should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and src
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    <header> 
    7. What is an id?
    titles that can only appear on a single element 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    Once 
    10. What is a class?
    Like an id but it can apply to multiple elements 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    As many as you like
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    Used for description if anyone has a disability using the computer. 
    15. How do I reference an id?
    # is used for id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Section is semantic and div is not
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Adding style to webpages
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    Just place it in CSS and it should automatically pick all elements with that tag
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Class is to be used one time for one thing where as id can be used for multiple things. Example Class would be just "A" where as id can be "a, b, c, d"
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    . is for classes
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    When you want to specify something within another
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-space: Xpx;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing: Xpx;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    Text-transform: 
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * is the universal selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm and the thing you have to be careful of is that you will never be able to get back the thing you delete
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    It keeps track of every modification
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20 to 30 mins
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    git push -u origin branch-name 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    add, commit, then push.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    Block elements will begin a new line and takes up the full width available whereas inline does not begin on a new line and only takes the space it needs to
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
    that element's position is fixed to that spot 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
